integrity: "shaha23sdfsdkfpskfpodsk"

The integrity hash ensures that a package hasn't been tampered with. It also indicates the 
resolved registry location where the package was retrieved from, and where it should be 
retrieved from for future installs. 

node_modules - It contains all the dependencies / code which we require
Transitive Dependencies means dependencies are dependent on other dependencies that can be
dependent on other dependencies
If you have package.json and package-lock.json you can recreate your node-modules

npm commands are to install a package if you want to execute a package we write npx
Another way to get react into our app we can use npm 
CDN Links is not a preferred way to bring react package into our app because:
Its a costly operation as we have to get this from network

Normal Javascript doesn't have imports
we have to use <script type="module" src = "....." ></script>

Server will autogenerate code which can be regenerated like node_modules 

- What is Parcel/webpack ? Why do we need it?
Parcel optimizes your whole app for production automatically. This includes tree-shaking and minifying your 
JavaScript, CSS, and HTML, resizing and optimizing images, content hashing, automatic code splitting, and much more.

- What is the difference between dependencies and devDependencies?
In project development, dependencies are libraries that a project needs to function effectively. 
DevDependencies are packages that a developer needs during development

- What is Tree Shaking?
Tree shaking refers to removing unecessary code/dead code in production

- What is Hot Module Replacement?
Hot Module Replacement (HMR) exchanges, adds, or removes modules while an application is running, without a full reload.

Image Optimization - Image optimization is the process of reducing the size of an image for web use. This can involve: 
	-> Compressing the file size
	-> Changing the image format
	-> Resizing the dimensions of your images
	-> Labeling images with metadata

Bundling - Bundling is merging your dependencies into a single optimized file

Caching - Everything Parcel does is cached – transformation, dependency resolution, bundling, optimizing,
 and everything in between. This means the dev server restarts instantly, and the same code is never built twice

